Aalim Muhammed Salegh College of Engineering, Chennai,
Aarupadai Veedu Institute of Technology, Kanchipuram,
Agni College of Technology, Chennai,
Aksheyaa College of Engineering, Maduranthagam,
Asan Memorial College of Engineering and Technology, Chengalpattu,
A.C. College of Engineering and Technology, Karaikudi,
Agricultural Engineering College and Research Institute, Coimbatore,
Anna University Tiruchirappali, Ariyalur Campus,
Anna University Tiruchirappali, Panruti Campus,
Anna University Tiruchirappali, Ramanathapuram Campus,
Anna University Tiruchirappali, Thirukkuvalai Campus,
Anna University Tiruchirappalli, Dindigul Campus,
Anna University Tiruchirappalli, Pattukkottai Campus,
Annamalai University, Chidambaram,
A.C.T. College of Engineering and Technology, Maduranthagam,
A.K.T. Memorial College of Engineering and Technology, Kallakurichi
A.R. College of Engineering and Technology, Ambasamudram
A.R. Engineering College, Villupuram
A.R.J. College of Engineering and Technology, Mannargudi
A.R.M. College of Engineering and Technology, Chengalpet
A.S.L. Pauls College of Engineering and Technology, Pollachi Taluk
A.V.C. College of Engineering, Mayiladutarai
A.V.S. Engineering College, Salem
AAA College of Engineering and Technology, Sivakasi
Adhi College of Engineering and Technology, Kancheepuram
Adhiparasakthi College of Engineering, Vellore
Adhiparasakthi Engineering College, Cheyyar
Adhiyamaan College of Engineering, Hosur
Adithya Institute of Technology, Coimbatore
Aishwarya College of Engineering and Technology, Erode
Akshaya College of Engineering & Technology, Coimbatore
Al-Ameen Engineering College, Erode
Alpha College of Engineering, Chennai
Amrita Vishwa Vidyapeetham University (Amrita School of Engineering), Coimbatore
Anand Institute of Higher Technology, Chengalpattu Taluk
Anand School of Architecture, Chengalpattu
Angel College of Engineering and Technology, Tiruppur
Anjalai Ammal Mahalingam Engineering College, Thiruvarur
Annai College of Engineering and Technology, Thanjavur
Annai Mathammal Sheela Engineering College, Namakkal
Annai Mira College of Engineering and Technology, Vellore
Annai Teresa College of Engineering, Ulundurpet
Annai Vailankanni College of Engineering, Azhagapapuram
Annai Veilankanni's College of Engineering, Chennai
Annamalaiar College of Engineering, Polur
Annaporna Engineering College, Salem
Apollo Engineering College, Sriperumbudur
Apollo Priyadarshanam Institute of Technology, Sriperumbudur
Arasu Engineering College, Kumbakonam
Archana Institute of Technology, Krishanagiri
Arignar Anna Institute of Science and Technology, Sriperumpudur
Ariyalur Engineering College, Ariyalur
Arjun College of Technology, Coimbatore
Arul College of Technology, Radhapuram
Arulmigu Meenakshi Amman College of Engineering, Cheyyar
Arulmuruga Technical Campus, Karur
Arunachala College of Engineering for Women, Nagercoil
Arunai Engineering College, Tiruvannamalai
Asian College of Engineering and Technology, Coimbatore
As-Salam College of Engineering and Technology, Thanjavur
Avinashilingam University for Women (Avinashilingam Institute for Home Science and Higher Education for Women), Coimbatore
AVS Technical Campus, Salem
B.S. Abdur Rahman University (B.S. Abdur Rahman Crescent Engineering College), Chennai
Bharath University (Bharath Institute of Higher Education and Research), Chennai
B.K.R. College of Engineering and Technology, Arakkonam
Balaji Institute of Engineering and Technology, Thiruporur
Balamani Arunachalam Educational & Charitable Trust's Group of Institution, Chengalpet
Bannari Amman Institute of Technology, Erode
Bethlahem Institute of Engineering, Karungal
Bhajarang Engineering College, Tiruvallur
Bharath Niketan Engineering College, Theni
Bharathidasan Engineering College, Tirupattur
Bharathiyar Institute of Engineering for Women, Attur
Chennai Institute of Technology, Chennai
Christian College of Engineering and Technology, Oddanchatram
Central Electro Chemical Research Institute, Karaikudi
Central Institute of Plastic Engineering and Technology (CIPET), Chennai
Coimbatore Institute of Technology, Coimbatore
C. Abdul Hakeem College of Engineering and Technology, Vellore
C.A.R.E. School of Engineering, Srirangam
C.M.S. College of Engineering, Ernapuram
C.M.S. College of Engineering and Technology, Coimbatore
C.R. Engineering College , Madurai
C.S.I. Engineering College, Coonoor
C.S.I. Institute of Technology, Kanyakumari
Cape Institute of Technology, Radhapuram
Cauvery College of Engineering and Technology, Perur
Chandy College of Engineering, Thoothukudi
Chendhuran College of Engineering and Technology, Thiurmayam
Chendu College of Engineering and Technology, Madurantakam
Cheran College of Engineering, Karur
Cheran School of Architecture, Karur
Chettinad College of Engineering and Technology, Karur
Christ The King Engineering College, Coimbatore
Coimbatore Institute of Engineering and Information Technology, Coimbatore
Dhanalakshmi College of Engineering, Chennai
Dr. MGR University (Dr. M.G.R. Educational and Research Insitute), Chennai
D.M.I. College of Engineering, Kancheepuram
D.M.I. Engineering College, Kanyakumari
Davinci School of Design and Architecture, Chennai
Dhaanish Ahmed College of Engineering, Chennai
Dhaanish Ahmed Institute of Technology, Coimbatore
Dhanalakshmi Srinivasan College of Engineering, Perambalur
Dhanalakshmi Srinivasan College of Engineering and Technology, Mamallapuram
Dhanalakshmi Srinivasan Engineering College, Perambalur
Dhanalakshmi Srinivasan Institute of Research and Technology, Perambalur
Dhanalakshmi Srinivasan Institute of Technology, Trichirappalli
Dhirajlal Gandhi College of Technology, Salem
Dr. G.U. Pope College of Engineering, Thoothukudi
Dr. Mahalingam College of Engineering and Technology, Pollachi
Dr. N.G.P. Institute of Technology, Coimbatore
Dr. Nagarathinam's College of Engineering, Namakkal
Dr. Nalini Institute of Engineering and Technology, Dharapuram
Dr. Navalar Nedunchezhiyan College of Engineering, Cuddalore
Dr. Paul's Engineering College, Vanur
Dr. Sivanthi Aditanar College of Engineering, Tuticorin
Easwari Engineering College, Chennai
E.S. College of Engineering and Technology, Villupuram
EASA College of Engineering and Technology, Coimbatore
Edayathangudi G.S. Pillay Engineering College, Nagapattinam
Einstein College of Engineering, Tirunelveli
Elizabeth College of Engineering and Technology, Perambalur
Er. Perumal Manimekalai College of Engineering, Hosur
Erode Builder Educational Trust,s Group of Institutions, Kangeayam
Erode Sengunthar Engineering College, Perundurai
Excel College of Engineering and Technology, Namakkal
Excel College of Engineering for Women, Komarapalayam
Excel Engineering College, Komarapalayam
Fatima Michael College of Engineering & Technology, Madurai
Francis Xavier Engineering College, Palayamkottai
G.K.M. College of Engineering and Technology, Chennai
Government College of Engineering, Dharmapuri
Government College of Engineering, Thanjavur
Government College of Engineering - Srirangam, Tirichy
Government College of Engineering, Bargur
Government College of Engineering, Bodiyanayakkanur, Theni
Government College of Engineering, Salem
Government College of Engineering, Tirunelveli
Government College of Technology, Coimbatore
G.G.R. College of Engineering, Vellore
Ganadipathy Tulsi's Engineering College, Vellore
Ganapathy Chettiar College of Engineering and Technology, Paramakudi
Ganesh College of Engineering, Salem
Global Institute of Engineering and Technology, Walajah
Gnanamani College of Engineering, Namakkal
Gnanamani College of Technology, Namakkal
Gojan School of Business and Technology, Chennai
Gopal Ramalingam Memorial Engineering College, Chennai
Greentech College of Engineering for Women, Attur
Hindustan University (Hindustan College of Engineering), Chennai
Haji Sheik Ismail Engineering College, Nagapattinam
Hindustan Institute of Technology, Coimbatore
Hindusthan College of Engineering and Technology, Coimbatore
Holy Cross Engineering College, Thoothukudi
Hosur Institute of Technology and Science, Hosur
Infant Jesus College of Engineering, Tuticorin
Infant Jesus College of Engineering and Technology, Tuticorin
I.F.E.T. College of Engineering, Villupuram
Idhaya Engineering College for Women, Villupuram
Imayam College of Engineering, Tiruchirappalli
Immanuel Arasar J J College of Engineering, Kanyakumari
Indira Gandhi College of Engineering and Technology for Women, Chengalpattu
Indira Institute of Engineering and Technology, Thiruvallur
Indra Ganesan College of Engineering, Trichy
Indus College of Engineering, Coimbatore
Info Institute of Engineering, Kovilpalayam
Institute of Road and Transport Technology, Erode
Jerusalem College of Engineering, Chennai
J.C.T. College of Engineering and Technology, Coimbatore
J.J. College of Engineering and Technology, Srirangam
J.K College of Architecture, Dindigul
J.K.K. Muniraja College of Technology, Gobi
J.K.K. Munirajah School of Architecture, Erode
J.K.K. Nataraja College of Engineering and Technology, Komarapalayam
J.N.N. Institute of Engineering, Uthukottai Taluk
J.P. College of Engineering, Tenkasi
Jai Sriram College of Technology, Tiruppur
Jainee College of Engineering and Technology, Dindigul
Jairupaa College of Engineering, Tirppur
James College of Engineering and Technology, Kanyakumari
Jansons Institute of Engineering and Technology, Coimbatore
Jawahar Engineering College, Chennai
Jawaharlal Institute of Technology, Coimbatore
Jaya Engineering College, Tiruvallur
Jaya Suriya Engineering College, Thiruvallur
Jayalakshmi Institute of Technology, Thoppur
Jayam College of Engineering and Technology, Pennagaram
Jayaram College of Engineering and Technology, Thuraiyur
JEI Mathaajee College of Engineering, Kancheepuram
Jeppiaar Engineering College, Chennai
Jeppiaar Institute of Technology , Sriperumpudur
Jeyamatha Engineering College, Aralvaimozhi
Jeyaraj Annapackiam CSI College of Engineering, Nazareth
Joe Suresh Engineering College, Tirunelveli
John Bosco Engineering College, Tiruvallur
K.C.G. College of Technology, Chennai
K.L.N. College of Engineering, Madurai
K.L.N. College of Information Technology, Madurai
K.S. Rangasamy College of Technology, Thiruchengode
K.S.R. College of Engineering, Thiruchengode
Kamban Engineering College, Tiruvannamalai
Karpaga Vinayaga College of Engineering and Technology, Maduranthagam
Kings College of Engineering, Gandarvakottai
K S R Institute for Engineering and Technology , Namakkal
K. Ramakrishnan College of Engineering, Manachanallur
K. Ramakrishnan College of Technology, Samayapuram
K.G.I.S.L. Institute of Technology, Coimbatore
K.K.C. College of Engineering and Technology, Jayankondam
K.N.S.K. College of Engineering, Kanyakumari
K.P.R. Institute of Engineering and Technology, Coimbatore
K.R.S. College of Engineering, Vandavasi
K.S.K College of Engineering and Technology, Kumbakonam
K.T.V.R. Knowledge Park for Engineering and Technology, Coimbatore
Kalaignar Karunanidhi Institute of Technology, Coimbatore
Kalaivani College of Technology, Coimbatore
Kalasalingam Institute of Technology, Srivilliputhur
Kalasalingam University (Arulmigu Kalasalingam College of Engineering), Virudhunagar
Kalsar College of Engineering, Sriperambudur
Kamaraj College of Engineering and Technology, Virudhunagar
Kanchi Pallavan Engineering College, Kancheepuram
Karaikudi Institute of Technology and Karaikudi Institute of Management, Sivagangai
Karpagam College of Engineering, Coimbatore
Karpagam Institute of Technology, Coimbatore
Karunya University (Karunya Institute of Technology), Coimbatore
Karur College of Engineering, Karur
Kathir College of Engineering, Coimbatore
King College of Technology, Nallur
Kings Engineering College, Sriperumbudur
Kingston Engineering College, Katpadi
Knowledge Institute of Technology, Salem
Kodaikanal Institute of Technology, Kodaikanal
Kongu Engineering College, Erode
Kongunadu College of Engineering and Technology, Trichy
Krishnasamy College of Engineering and Technology, Cuddalore
Kumaraguru College of Technology, Coimbatore
Kumaran Institute of Techonology, Tiruvallur
Kurinji College of Engineering and Technology, Manapparai
Latha Mathavan Engineering College, Madurai
Lakshmi Chand Rajani College of Engineering and Technology, Thiruthani
Lord Ayyappa Institute of Engineering and Technology, Kancheepuram
Lord Jegannath College of Engineering and Technology, Kumarapuram
Lord Venkateshwara Engineering College, Kanchipuram Taluk
Lourdes Mount College of Engineering and Technology, Kanyakumari
Loyola Institute of Technology, Sriperumbudur
Loyola Institute of Technology and Science, Thovalai
Loyola-ICAM College of Engineering and Technology, Chennai
Maamallan Institute of Technology, Sriperumpudur
Meenakshi Sundararajan Engineering College, Chennai
MEPCO Schlenk Engineering College, Sivakasi
Muthayammal Engineering College, Rasipuram
M. Kumarasamy College of Engineering, Karur
M.A.M. College of Engineering, Mannachanallur
M.A.M. College of Engineering and Technology, Siruganur
M.A.M. School of Engineering, Trichy
M.A.R. College of Engineering and Technology, Pudukkottai
M.E.T. Engineering College, Kanyakumari
M.I.E.T. Engineering College, Trichy
M.N.S.K. College of Engineering, Alangudy
M.P.Nachimuthu M.Jaganathan Engineering College, Perundurai
M.R.K. Institute of Technology, Cuddalore
Madha Engineering College, Chennai
Madha Institute of Engineering and Technology, Chennai
Madurai Institute of Engineering and Technology, Manamadurai
Magna College of Engineering, Tiruvallur
Maha Bharathi Engineering College, Kallakurichi
Mahakavi Bharathiyar College of Engineering and Technology, Sivagiri
Mahalakshmi Engineering College, Trichy
Maharaja Engineering College, Avinashi
Maharaja Engineering College for Women, Perundurai
Maharaja Institute of Technology, Coimbatore
Maharaja Prithvi Engineering College, Avinashi
Mahath Amma Institute of Engineering and Technology, Illupur
Mahendra College of Engineering, Valapadi
Mahendra Engineering College, Tiruchengode
Mahendra Engineering College for Women, Tiruchengode
Mahendra Institute of Engineering and Technology, Tiruchengode
Mahendra Institute of Technology, Tiruchengode
Mailam Engineering College, Tindivanam
Mangayarkarasi College of Engineering, Paravai
Mar Ephraem College of Engineering and Technology, Nattalam
Maria Collge of Engineering and Technology, Thiruvattar
Marthandam College of Engineering and Technology, Veeyanoor
McGan's Ooty School of Architecture, Ooty
Measi Academy of Architecture, Chennai
Meenakshi College of Engineering, Chennai
Meenakshi Ramaswamy Engineering College, Ariyalur
Misrimal Navajee Munoth Jain Engineering College, Chennai
Mohamed Sathak A.J. College of Engineering, Chengelpet Taluk
Mohamed Sathak Engineering College, Kilakarai
Mookambigai College of Engineering, Kulathur
Mother Terasa College of Engineering and Technology, Pudukkottai
Mount Zion College of Engineering and Technology, Thirumayam
Muthayammal Technical Campus, Namakkal
Nehru Institute of Engineering and Technology, Coimbatore
National Institute of Technology, Trichy
N.P.R. College of Engineering and Technology, Natham
N.R. School of Architecture, Coimbatore
N.S.N. College of Engineering and Technology, Karur
Nadar Saraswathi College of Engineering and Technology, Theni
Nandha College of Technology, Erode
Nandha Engineering College, Perundurai
Narasu's Sarathy Institute of Technology, Omalur
Narayanaguru College of Engineering, Kanyakumari
National College of Engineering, Nanguneri
National Engineering College, Kovilpatti
Nelliandavar Institute of Technology, Ariyalur
New Prince Shri Bhavani College of Engineering and Technology, Chennai
Nightingale Institute of Technology, Coimbatore
Noorul Islam University (Noorul Islam College of Engineering), Thuckalay
Odaiyappa College of Engineering and Technology, Periyakulam
OAS Institute of Technology and Management, Group of Institutions, Trichy
Oxford College of Engineering, Thiruvannamalai
Oxford Engineering College, Trichy
P.S.N.A. College of Engineering and Technology, Dindigul
PERI Institute of Technology, Chennai
PET Engineering College, Vallioor
Prathyusha Institute of Technology and Management, Thiruvallur
P.S.G. College of Technology, Coimbatore
P.A. College of Engineering and Technology, Pollachi
P.B. College of Engineering, Sriperumbudur
P.G.P. College of Engineering and Technology, Namakkal
P.M.R. Engineering College, Chennai
P.P.G. Institute of Technology, Coimbatore
P.S.N. College of Engineering and Technology, Palayamkottai
P.S.N. Engineering College, Palayamkottai
P.S.N. Institute of Technology & Science, Palayamkottai
P.S.R. Engineering College, Sivakasi
P.S.R. Rengasamy College of Engineering for Women, Sivakasi
P.S.V. College of Engineering and Technology, Krishnagiri
P.T. Lee Chengalvaraya Naicker College of Engineering and Technology, Kancheepuram
P.T.R. College of Engineering and Technology, Madurai
Paavaai Group of Institutions, Namakkal
Paavai College of Engineering, Pachal
Paavai Engineering College, Pachal
Pallava Raja College of Engineering, Kanchipuram
Pallavan College of Engineering, Kancheepuram
Pandiyan Saraswathi Yadav Engineering College, Sivagangai
Panimalar Engineering College, Chennai
Panimalar Institute of Technology, Chennai
Pannai College of Engineering and Technology, Sivagangai
Pannaikadu Veerammal Paramasivam College of Engineering and Technology for Women, Dindugul
Parisutham Institute of Technology and Science, Thanjavur
Park College of Engineering Technology, Palladam
Park College of Technology, Coimbatore
Pavai College of Technology, Namakkal
Pavendar Bharathidasan Institute of Information Technology, Tiruchirapalli
Paventhar Bharathidasan College of Engineering and Technology, Mathur
Periyar Maniammai University (Periyar Maniammai College of Technology for Women), Vallam
Podhigai College of Engineering and Technology, Tirupattur
Pollachi Institute of Engineering and Technology, Pollachi
Ponjesly College of Engineering, Agesteeswaram
Ponnaiyah Ramajayam College of Engineering and Technology, Thanjavur
Prince Dr. K. Vasudevan College of Engineering and Technology, Chennai
Prince Shri Venkateshwara Padmavathy Engineering College, Chengalpet
PRIST University (P.R. Engineering College), Thanjavur
Priyadarshini Engineering College, Vaniyambadi
Professional Educational Trust's Group of Institutions, Tiruppur
R.M.D. Engineering College, Gummidipoondi
R.M.K. Engineering College, Gummidipoondi
R.V.S. College Of Engineering and Technology, Dindugul
R.V.S. College of Engineering and Technology (Faculty of Engineering), Sulur
Raja Rajeswari Engineering College, Chennai
Rajiv Gandhi College of Engineering, Sriperumbudur
R.M.K. College of Engineering and Technology, Gummidipoondi
R.V.S. Faculty of Engineering, Coimbatore
R.V.S. KVK School of Architecture, Tiruchirapalli
R.V.S. Padhmavathy College of Engineering and Technology, Gummidipoondi
R.V.S. Padmavathy School of Architecture, Gummudipoondi
R.V.S. School of Architecture, Coimbatore
R.V.S. School of Engineering and Technology, Dindigul
Rabidhranath Tagore College of Engineering for Women, Sankari
Raja College of Engineering and Technology, Madurai
Rajalakshmi Engineering College, Sriperumbudur
Rajalakshmi Institute of Technology, Sriperumbudur
Rajas International Institute of Technology for Women, Nagercoil
Ramco Institute of Technology, Rajapalayam
Ranganathan Engineering College, Coimbatore
Ranippettai Engineering College, Wallajah
Rathinam Technical Campus, Coimbatore
Renganayagi Varatharaj College of Engineering, Virudhunagar
Roever College of Engineering and Technology, Perambalur
Roever Engineering College, Perambalur
Rohini College of Engineering and Technology, Kanyakumari
Rrase College of Engineering, Sriperumbudur
S.A. Engineering College, Thiruverkadu
S.K.R. Engineering College, Thiruvallur
S.M.K. Fomra Institute of Technology, Chengelput
S.S.M. College of Engineering, Komarapalayam
SACS M.A.V.M.M. Engineering College, AlagarKoil
Saveetha Engineering College, Sriperumbudur
Sethu Institute of Technology, Kariapatti
Sona College of Technology, Salem
Sree Sastha Institute of Engineering and Technology, Chennai
Sri Lakshmi Ammal Engineering College, Chennai
Sri Ram Engineering College, Tiruvallur
Sri Sai Ram Institute of Technology, Chennai
Sri Sairam Engineering College, Chennai
SRM University (S.R.M. Engineering College), Chengalpattu Taluk
St. Michael College of Engineering and Technology, Kalayarkoil
St. Peter's University (St. Peters Engineering College), Chennai
Syed Ammal Engineering College, Ramanathapuram
S. Veerasamy Chettiar College of Engineering and Technology, Sivagiri
S.B.M. College of Engineering and Technology, Dindigul
S.K.P. Engineering College, Tiruvannamalai
S.K.P. Institute of Technology, Tiruvannamalai
S.N.S. College of Engineering, Coimbatore
S.N.S. College of Technology, Coimbatore
S.R.G. Engineering College, Namakkal
S.R.I. College of Engineering and Technology, Vandavasi
S.R.R. Engineering College, Chengalpattu
S.R.S. College of Engineering & Technology, Salem
S.S.K. College of Engineering and Technology, Coimbatore
S.V.S. College of Engineering, Coimbatore
Sakthi Engineering College, Chennai
Sakthi Mariamman Engineering College, Sriperumbudhur
Salem College of Engineering and Technology, Salem
SAMS College of Engineering and Technology, Uthokottai Taluk
Sapthagiri College of Engineering, Palacode
Saranathan College of Engineering, Srirangam
Saraswathi Velu College of Engineering, Walajah
Saraswathy College of Engineering and Technology, Tindivanam
Sardar Raja College of Engineering, Tirunelveli
Sasi Creative School of Architecture, Coimbatore
SASTRA University (Shanmugha Arts, Science, Technology and Research Academy), Thanjavur
Sasurie Academy of Engineering, Coimbatore
Sasurie College of Engineering, Perundurai
Sathyabama University (Sathyabama Engineering College), Chennai
Satyam College of Engineering & Technology, Aralvaimozhi
SCAD College of Engineering and Technology, Ambasamudram
Scad Engineering College, Tirunelveli
Scad Institute of Technology, Palladam
School of Architecture Coimbatore Institute of Engineering and Technology, Coimbatore
SCSVMV University (Sri Chandrasekharendra Saraswathi Viswa Mahavidyalaya), Kancheepuram
Selvam College of Technology, Namakkal
Sembodai Rukmani Varatharajan Engineering College, Nagappattinam
Sengunthar College of Engineering, Tiruchengode
Sengunthar Engineering College, Tiruchengode
Shanmuganathan Engineering College, Thirumayam
Shivani Engneering College, Tiruchirappalli
Shivani Institute of Technology, Tiruchirappalli
Shree Sathyam College of Engineering and Technology, Salem
Shree Venkateshwara Hi-Tech Engineering College, Gobichettipalayam
Shreenivasa Engineering College, Dharmapuri
Shri Andal Alagar College of Engineering, Madurantakam
Shri Angala Amman College of Engineering and Technology, Mannachanallur
Shri Sapthagiri Institute of Technology, Arakonam
Sigma College of Architecture, Kanyakumari
Sir Issac Newton College of Engineering and Technology, Nagappattinam
Siva Institute of Frontier Technology - Technical Campus, Thiruvallur
Sivaji College of Engineering and Technology, Kanyakumari
Skandha School of Architecture, Namakkal
SMR East Coast College of Engineering and Technology, Thanjavur District
Sree Krishna College of Engineering, Vellore
Sree Raaja Raajan College of Engineering and Technology, Karaikudi
Sree Sakthi Engineering College, Karamadai
Sree Sastha College of Engineering, Chennai
Sree Sowdambika College of Engineering, Aruppukottai
Sri Aravindar Engineering College, Vanur
Sri Balaji Chockalingam Engineering College, Arni
Sri Bharathi Engineering College for Women, Alangudi
Sri Eshwar College of Engineering, Kinathukadavu
Sri Jayaram Engineering College, Cuddalore
Sri Kalaimagal College of Engineering, Thiruvallur
Sri Krishna College of Engineering, Arakkonam
Sri Krishna College of Engineering and Technology, Coimbatore
Sri Krishna Engineering College, Sriperumpudur
Sri Krishna Institute of Technology, Chennai
Sri Muthukumaran Institute of Technology, Chennai
Sri Nandhanam College and Technology, Tirupattur
Sri Padmavathy College of Engineering, Valarpuram post
Sri Ramakrishna College of Engineering, Perambalur
Sri Ramakrishna Engineering College, Coimbatore
Sri Ramakrishna Institute of Technology, Coimbatore
Sri Ramana Maharishi College of Engineering, Thiruvannamalai
Sri Ramanathan Engineering College, Tirupur
Sri Ramanujar Engineering College, Chennai
Sri Ranganathar Institute of Engineering and Technology, Coimbatore
Sri Rangapoopathi College of Engineering, Villupuram
Sri Renugambal College of Architecture, Tiruvannamalai
Sri Shakthi Institute of Engineering and Technology, Coimbatore
Sri Shanmugha College of Engineering and Techology, Salem
Sri Sivasubramaniya Nadar College of Engineering, Chennai
Sri Subramaniya College of Engineering and Technology, Palani
Sri Venkateshwara Institute of Engineering, Krishnagiri
Sri Venkateswara College of Engineering, Sriperumbudur
Sri Venkateswara College of Engineering and Technology, Thiruvallur
Sri Venkateswara Institute of Science and Technology, Thiruppachur Post
Sri Venkateswaraa College of Technology, Sriperumbudur
Sri Vidya College of Engineering and Technology, Virudhunagar
Sriguru Institute of Technology, Coimbatore
Srinivasa Institute of Engineering and Technology, Chennai
Srinivasan Engineering College, Perambalur
SSM Institute of Engineering and Technology, Dindigul
St. Anne's College of Engineering and Technology, Panruti
St. John's College of Engineering & Technology for Women, Vellore
St. Joseph College of Engineering, Sriperumpudur
St. Joseph’s College of Engineering and Technology, Thanjavur
St. Joseph's College of Engineering, Kanchipuram
St. Mother Theresa Engineering College, Thoothukudi
St. Peter's College of Engineering and Technology, Chennai
St. Xavier Catholic College of Engineering, Chunkankadai
St.Joseph's Institute of Technology, Kancheepuram
Star Lion College of Engineering and Technology, Thanjavur District
Sudharsan Engineering College, Kolathur
Suguna College of Engineering, Coimbatore
Sun College of Engineering and Technology, Erachakulam
Sureya College of Engineering, Tiruchirappalli
Surya College of Engineering and Technology, Vikravandi
Surya Engineering College, Erode
T.J. Institute of Technology, Chennai
Tagore Engineering College, Chennai
Thangavelu Engineering College, Chennai
Thanthai Periyar Govt. Institute of Technology, Vellore
Thiagarajar College of Engineering, Madurai
T.J.S. Engineering College, Gummudipoondi
T.S.M. Jain College of Technology, Villupuram
Tagore Institute of Engineering and Technology, Attur
Tamilnadu College of Engineering, Karumathampatti
Tamilnadu School of Architecture, Coimbatore
Tamizhan College of Engineering and Technology, Kanyakumari
Tejaa Shakthi Institute of Technology for Women, Karumathampatti
Thamirabharani Engineering College, Tirunelveli
The Kavery College of Engineering, Mettur
The Kavery Engineering College, Mettur
The New Royal College of Engineering and Technology, Thirukkalukundram
The Rajaas Engineering College, Vadakkangulam
The Selvam Women Excellence Engineering Technology, Tiruchirappalli
Theni Kammavar Sangam College of Technology, Theni
Thirumalai Engineering College, Krishnapuram
Thiruvalluvar College of Engineering and Technology, Vandavasi
Trichy Engineering College, Konalai
TRP Engineering College, Mannachanallur Taluk
University College of Engineering, Arni
University College of Engineering, Kanchipuram, Kanchipuram
University College of Engineering, Nagercoil, Anna University Tirunelveli
University College of Engineering, Tindivanam
University College of Engineering, Villupuram
University Departments of Anna University Chennai, ACT Campus, Chennai
University Departments of Anna University Chennai, CEG Campus, Chennai
University Departments of Anna University Chennai, MIT Campus, Chennai
University Departments of Anna University Tiruchirappalli, BIT Campus
University Departments of Anna University Tirunelveli, Tirunelveli
University VOC College of Engineering,Thoothukudi, Anna University Tirunelveli, Thoothukudi
Udaya School of Engineering, Kanyakumari
Ultra College of Engineering & Technology for Women, Madurai
United Institute of Technology, Coimbatore
Universal College of Engineering and Technology, Vallioor
University Departments of Anna University Chennai, SAP Campus, Chennai
Unnamalai Institute of Technology, Thoothukudi
V.P.M.M. Engineering College for Women, Srivilliputtur
Valliammai Engineering College, Chengalpattu
Vickram College of Engineering, Madurai
Vinayaka Mission's Kirupanada Variyar Engineering College, Salem
Vivekanadha Institute of Engineering and Technology for Women, Tiruchengode
V.I. Institute of Technology, Chengalpet
V.K.K. Vijayan Engineering College, Sriperumbudur
V.K.S. College of Engineering and Technology, Karur
V.L.B. Janaki Ammal College of Engineering and Technology, Coimbatore
V.R.S. College of Engineering and Technology, Ulundurpet
V.S.A. Educational and Charitable Trust,s Group of Institutions, Salem
V.S.B. College of Engineering Technical Campus, Coimbatore
V.S.B. Engineering College, Aravakkurichi
V.V. College of Engineering, Santhakulam Taluk
Vaigai College of Engineering, Madurai
Vandayar Engineering College, Thanjavur
Varuvan Vadivelan Institute of Technology, Dharmapuri
Vedhantha Institute of Technology, Villupuram
Vel Tech, Chennai
Vel Tech Dr.RR and Dr.SR Technical University (Vel Tech Engineering College), Chennai
Vel Tech High Tech Dr.Rangarajan Dr.Sakunthala Engineering College, Chennai
Vel Tech Multi Tech Dr.Rangarajan Dr.Sakunthala Engineering College, Chennai
Velalar College of Engineering and Technology, Erode
Velammal College of Engineering and Technology, Madurai
Velammal Engineering College, Chennai
Velammal Institute of Technology, Ponneri
Vetri Vinayaha College of Engineering and Technology, Tiruchirappalli
Vidhya Mandhir Institute of Technology, Erode
Vidhya Vikkas College of Engineering and Technology, Tiruchengode
Vins Christian College of Engineering, Kalkulam
Vins Christian Women's College of Engineering, Nagercoil
Vishnu Lakshmi College of Engineering and Technology, Coimbatore
VIT University (Vellore Institute of Technology), Vellore
Vivekanadha College of Engineering for Women, Tiruchengode
Vivekanandha College of Technology for Women, Kumaramangalam
VPV College of Engineering, Theni